Assigment-Day2 (Part-2)

1	How many male and female employees are there in the organization?	
2	Print the name of all departments in the organization?	
3	What is the average age of male and female employees?	
4	Get the details of highest paid employee in the organization?	
5	Get the names of all employees who have joined after 2015?	
6	Count the number of employees in each department?	
7	What is the average salary of each department?	
8	Get the details of youngest male employee in the product development department?	
9	How many male and female employees are there in the sales and marketing team?	
10	What is the average salary of male and female employees?	
11	List down the names of all employees in each department?	
12	What is the average salary and total salary of the whole organization?	
13	Separate the employees who are younger or equal to 25 years from those employees who are older than 25 years?	
14	Who is the oldest employee in the organization? What is his age and which department he belongs to?	

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Use map when you want to change the elements of a stream into another form.
Use filter when you want to select only certain elements from a stream based on a condition.

We use the stream() method to convert the employeeList into a stream ofelements.
We use the filter method to filter the stream based on the gender of the employees.
We use the mapToInt method to map each employee to their age as an integer.
We use the average method to calculate the average age for each gender group.
Finally, we use orElse(0) to handle the case where there are no male orfemale employees, returning 0 as the default value in such cases.

.stream() converts the employeeList into a stream of elements.
.map(Employee::getDepartment) extracts the department name of each employee.
.distinct() filters out duplicate department names to get unique ones.
.forEach(System.out::println) prints each unique department name to the console.

optional me store nahi karna ho tu ---------- get() use kar lo